Update CHANGELOG.md for #235 (#360)
developmentseed/scoreboard: CHANGELOG.md

and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [Unreleased]
### Added 

> - "Reset filters" button for campaigns

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- "Reset filters" button clears filter options on the Campaigns page
```

### Fixed

> - Campaign filters retains state when navigating away from the campaigns search

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- State retains page number and filters when navigating to and from individual campaign cards
```

Author: Yeah but this has to be specific to campaigns because there are filters on the users page that don't have this logic.

Reviewer: @kamicut updated
